{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 function playGame() \{\
var enterCabin = confirm("You happen upon a really creepy looking dilapidated cabin in the woods. Do you go in and explore?");\
if (enterCabin) \{\
  alert("you have entered the cabin. Great idea! /sarcasm");\
  var batChoice = prompt("It is spooky. Suddenly a bat flies from the rafters, close enough to your face that you can feel the flap of its wings. Do you 1) run out immediately, 2) continue on unfazed, or 3) try to make friends with the bat?");\
  if (batChoice == "1") \{\
  alert("You have had enough adventurousness for one day. You get out of there.");\
  \} //run out after seeing bat\
  if (batChoice == "2") \{\
  alert("You're made out of pretty strong stuff. A little bat isn't going to scare you.");\
  \} //no reaction to bat\
  if (batChoice == "3") \{\
  alert("Bats are cute! You approach it slowly so as not to frighten it and hold your hand out in a show of friendship - How To Train Your Dragon style.");\
  \} //let's make friends with the bat\
\} //if entered cabin\
else \{\
  alert("You do not enter the creepy cabin. Smart.");\
\} //else did not enter cabin\
\} //playGame\
\
playGame();\
var replay = true;\
while(replay) \{\
replay = confirm("Play again?");\
if(replay) \{\
playGame();\
\}\
else \{\
alert("Bye then!");\
\}\
\} \
}